Add Language Summit page (#1570)
EuroPython/website: src/content/pages/language-summit.mdx

---
title: Language Summit
subtitle: The Python Language Summit is an event for the developers of Python implementations (CPython, PyPy, MicroPython, GraalPython, IronPython, and so on) to share information, discuss our shared problems, and — hopefully — solve them.
---

# Language Summit

## TL;DR

<b>When</b>: Tuesday, 14 July at 9:00am<br />

> <b>Where</b>: ICE Kraków Congress Centre, room TBA<br />

Reviewer: Is the room also unknown? From the message here https://github.com/EuroPython/website/pull/1570#issuecomment-4366462981, it sounds like only the signup link is only unknown. Completely fine if you meed to fill in the room / location last minute (but just wanted to double check)

Author: Artur said on Discord the LS might actually take place in the building right next to ICE, so it's not known yet.

> <b>Co-chairs</b>: Emily Morehouse, Hugo van Kemenade, Lysandros Nikolaou, Łukasz Langa<br />

Reviewer: Is it Emily Morehouse-Valcarcel or Emily Morehouse? I think it's better to be consistent.

Author: I copied the mismatch from https://us.pycon.org/2025/events/language-summit/ :)

Let's ask @emilyemorehouse for her preference.

<b>Blogger</b>: Seth Michael Larson<br />
<b>Request to attend</b>: TODO form link (closes Monday, 25th May AoE)<br />

> <b>Submit a topic to present and discuss</b>: TODO form link (closes Monday, 25th May AoE)<br />

Author: ```suggestion
<b>Request to attend</b>: httpforms.gle/qCQg3CAfmL6zYkoZ6 (closes Monday, 25th May AoE)<br />
<b>Submit a topic to present and discuss</b>: forms.gle/nqqc1nMxMjatmD4TA (closes Monday, 25th May AoE)<br />
```

> <b>Submit a topic to present and discuss</b>: forms.gle/nqqc1nMxMjatmD4TA (closes Monday, 25th May AoE)<br />

Author: ```suggestion
<b>Request to attend</b>: https://forms.gle/qCQg3CAfmL6zYkoZ6 (closes Monday, 25th May AoE)<br />
<b>Submit a topic to present and discuss</b>: https://forms.gle/nqqc1nMxMjatmD4TA (closes Monday, 25th May AoE)<br />
```

<b>Invitations confirmed by</b>: Monday, 1st June<br />

## What is the Language Summit?

The Python Language Summit is an event for the developers of Python implementations (CPython, PyPy, MicroPython, GraalPython, IronPython, and so on) to share information, discuss our shared problems, and — hopefully — solve them.

These issues might be related to the language itself, the standard library, the development process, the status of Python 3.15 (and plans for 3.16), the documentation, packaging, the website, and so forth. The Summit focuses on discussions and consensus-seeking, more than merely on presentations.

## Who can attend

We welcome Python core team and triage team members, active contributors to CPython and alternative Python implementations, and other community members with a topic to discuss with the core team.

> ## Who can propose a discussion topic

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a link to the topic submission form here as well?

> If you have discussion items; seeking consensus; awaiting community feedback on a PEP; need help with your core work; or have specific questions that need answers from the core team, please [submit a proposal](TODO form link). According to feedback, our audience prefers more discussions and shorter talks.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have discussion items; seeking consensus; awaiting community feedback on a PEP; need help with your core work; or have specific questions that need answers from the core team, please [submit a proposal](https://forms.gle/nqqc1nMxMjatmD4TA). According to feedback, our audience prefers more discussions and shorter talks.
```

## How can I learn what's happening at the event?

A detailed summary of the event will be published on the [Python Software Foundation blog](https://pyfound.blogspot.com/). Just like last year, the event will be covered by Seth Michael Larson, the Security Developer in Residence at the Python Software Foundation.

## Is this event recorded? Can I watch a live stream?

No, there will be no recording and no live stream available. If you'd like to participate in discussions, please sign up to attend. If you'd like to listen in, please wait for Seth’s blog posts after the Summit.

## I need to ask a private question

> Sure thing! You can message the organizers privately [on Discourse](https://discuss.python.org/) and we’ll get you sorted.

Reviewer 2: Maybe mention Discord as well?
